Computer Vision
The idea of a computer being able to see
is no longer science fiction.
There are good methods available for recognising
where a face is in an image, or even who it might be.
Recognising where abjects are in a scene
makes it possible to navigate vehicles without
bumping into anything.
That's especially important for things like
wheelchairs, robots or even a self-driving car.
Analysing objects enables a system
to detect interesting features,
such as the quality of fruit being packed.
Or even a tumour in a medical scan.
In this chapter, you'll look at Computer Vision
methods for things like:
finding the edges around objects;
recognising faces;
recognising characters;
and tracking objects moving through a scene.
Computer Vision